README.md, before:

# content-moderation-api

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/Zhima-Mochi/content-moderation-api)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/Zhima-Mochi/content-moderation-api)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Introduction
Content Moderation API, powered by OpenAI, assists developers in detecting and filtering inappropriate content, such as profanity, adult content, violence, and moral violations. This efficient, easy-to-integrate solution supports various use cases like social platforms, forums, and chat apps, ensuring a safe user experience.

## Features

- **Sensitivity Detection**: Detects sensitive words in text.
- **Content Classification**: Classifies text into categories, such as `politics`, `porn`, `ad`, `violence`, `abuse`.

## Installation

```bash
go get github.com/Zhima-Mochi/content-moderation-api
```

## Example

```go
texts := []string{
    "我不要听话",
    "you are so stupid",
    "每天早起做愛心便當",
    "この野郎！",
}

for _, text := range texts {
    fmt.Println("text: " + text)
    result, _ := contentModerationHandler.SensitiveWordsDetection(ctx, text)
    fmt.Println("sensitive words dectection: " + fmt.Sprintf("%v", result))
}
```
result:
```bash
text: 我不要听话
sensitive words dectection: false
text: you are so stupid
sensitive words dectection: true
text: 每天早起做愛心便當
sensitive words dectection: false
text: この野郎！
sensitive words dectection: true
```

Commit message:

Refactor content-moderation package to content-analysis
This commit renames the content-moderation package to content-analysis to better reflect its purpose. The package contains the contentModerationHandler, error, moderationHandler, and utils files, all of which were renamed accordingly. The README.md and go.mod files were also updated to reflect these changes. No changes were made to the functionality of the package.

README.md, after:

# content-moderation-api

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/Zhima-Mochi/content-moderation-api)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/Zhima-Mochi/content-moderation-api)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Introduction
The Content Analysis API offers a comprehensive solution for social platforms, forums, and chat apps to ensure a secure user experience by detecting and filtering out inappropriate content. Additionally, it includes features for topic analysis, comparing the similarity between two articles, and summarizing articles.

## Features

- **Sensitivity Detection**: Detects sensitive words in text.
- **Content Classification**: Classifies text into categories, such as `politics`, `porn`, `ad`, `violence`, `abuse`.

## Installation

```bash
go get github.com/Zhima-Mochi/content-moderation-api
```

## Example

```go
texts := []string{
    "我不要听话",
    "you are so stupid",
    "每天早起做愛心便當",
    "この野郎！",
}

for _, text := range texts {
    fmt.Println("text: " + text)
    result, _ := contentModerationHandler.SensitiveWordsDetection(ctx, text)
    fmt.Println("sensitive words dectection: " + fmt.Sprintf("%v", result))
}
```
result:
```bash
text: 我不要听话
sensitive words dectection: false
text: you are so stupid
sensitive words dectection: true
text: 每天早起做愛心便當
sensitive words dectection: false
text: この野郎！
sensitive words dectection: true
```
